# Twitcher
Android app to track bird sightings 
Twitcher
Bird Tracking
Team Presentation
Our team name is Twitcher
Meaning of Twitcher is basically a birdwatcher whose main aim is to collect the sightings of 
rare birds.
Meet the team
We are a group of four persons from India and Pakistan who have a real desire to see and learn 
about the process of making an app, as well as the challenges that come with it. Three Tasks
has been assigned by professor to students for their final project (Get Home Safe, Bird Tracking 
and Money Control). A team of four students is required to make Project as I mentioned earlier.
A group of four students, two of us are from ORBA (Maira Kamal & Muhammad Arslan) and
other two are from DE (Arun & Reshma).
Arun Jose is excited to be a part of this project because he wants to learn more about the full 
software development process. He has expertise and professional experience in Python and 
Java Script. His motivation towards this object is to create a user friendly interface where bird 
watchers can track and share information about birds.
Muhammad Arslan Khalid is working as a data analyst and has some intermediate knowledge in
database management, SQL, R and Python. In addition to this he knows how to use Database tools e.g. 
PowerBI and Tableau. He is motivated to learn and achieve something new and want to discover 
distinctive species of birds and put them at a single click for keen learners and observers for their ease.
He will be in charge of the design of our major application. Despite the fact that he is 
completely new to App Development and its ancillaries, he has always appreciated the creative 
area and was all-hands to take on this task.
Reshma Vasan Rethy enjoys working in a group and collaborating with others. Her trueshppting 
passion will be crucial to our development, and she will also be in charge of some design work.
She is also DE student of 3rd semester. She has professional experience of Web Development using 
HTML, JavaScript, CSS and PHP. She also has academic experience in MySQL and Java. For her
motivation behind selecting the above project is that it gives individual the way to explore the different 
types of birds existing.
Maira Kamal has professional experience of working as a financial analyst and also has well verse 
concepts of financial modeling, data visualization and validation. For her this project is to help and guide 
people who are adventurous and want to explore nature and those who are interested in finding and 
knowing about bird species & their locality around the globe. She has a gift with words and enjoys 
writing about whatever happens to her. She is responsible for the design and content of this site, and 
she is fully supported by the other team members.
